single word about the United States
doing anything in this world cup people
in 30 years will bring up Bruce Arena as
an iconic figure in American soccer his
Dave over there isn't an individual in
my mind that has accomplished the things
that he's done has brought every team
that he's been part of to a different
level he understood the pulse of a team
he was a different type of coach to
different players I think that's what
always made him the best coach that I've
ever been around way too long to the
greatest country in the world a lot of
pride it's gone three USA one two three
I couldn't think of a more deserving
recipient to the Warner fritter builders
award when you look back at the body of
work that Bruce has had he's always been
a building he's always built teams to
receive this honor I think is a real
credit to him for his entire body of
work his legacy is influencing soccer in
this country at so many different levels
whether it was College the early days of
our league and then obviously what he
did on the global stage for the United
States I know the road ahead will have
both peaks and valleys but I do look
forward to the challenge I have a lot of
confidence in the ability of the
American player able to find what works
for each play how you deliver those
messages managing the player but also in
educating and coaching his ability to do
that over the course of times in
tremendous
you always want to perform to boot he
demands excellence he's a guy that that
wants to win he drives his players in a
positive way to be successful and want
to tell anyone they're complete let me
know now we'll hit somebody else great
guy love to have fun but in terms of
motivation and getting you prepared for
the game he was spot-on and those
combinations are hard to come by and get
in pro sports and you know trying to get
that the guys not only to respect you
but to have fun and enjoy what's going
on in this moment because they go by
fast and I had some of the best moments
on the field with wood food the land of
the free the hold of the place is in to
the round of eight results are what
you're judged by as a manager and you
know taking a team to a quarterfinal on
the world cup multiple Gold Cup
victories qualifying successive world
cup so you know it's just is his record
speaks for itself I mean this is the man
that's at the top of his profession has
shown he's the best at what he does he's
gonna be remembered as a champion a
winner a hard worker and he's a man with
a lot of integrity and again a great
person when people look back at the
development of soccer at the pro level
here in this country his legacy is gonna
read that he's brought and develop
players and programs along to levels
that very few have i'll tell you all
guys left never
feel today they played great I'm proud
of him
you